# react-pokemon-search-app
Features ● Search Page ○ Create a search page that accepts a Pokemon name to search for. On hitting search, make an API call to the search endpoint. ○ Show a loading when the API is in progress and stop the loading when the API is successful or throws an error. Display the error if there is an error message. ● Listing page ○ If the API returns successfully show all the Pokemon that are returned in the API on this page. ○ Navigate to the listing page only after a successful API response. This page should show the images of the movie as well as the title of the movie in a grid format. ○ The listing page should be infinite scrollable, as the user scrolls, load more Pokemon using the API. By default, the search API gets 10 items per page. ○ Please make sure the listing page remains functional even after loading a lot of movies when you keep scrolling. ○ Also, provide options to filter the results by abilities, characteristics, group, habitat, location, Species etc. ● Details Page ○ Details screen opens up on tapping on one of the Pokemon on the listing screen. ○ Show all the details got by the API in a properly formatted design. ○ Display a bookmark icon, tapping on it should save this Pokemon as a favorite on the device itself. ○ A Pokemon that is been bookmarked should be shown with the already a prefilled bookmark icon. Clicking on the same icon should remove it from bookmarks. ● Bookmarks Screen ○ The bookmark screen shows all the users bookmarked Pokemon. This data is stored locally on the phone. ○ Users should be able to remove a Pokemon from bookmarks as well.
full source code not able to upload 
